[DOC-81] Update "Managing Timeouts" Section (#159)
Certora/Documentation: docs/user-guide/timeouts/timeouts-theory.md

> # Timeouts in Certora Prover -- Theory Background

Reviewer: This section seems to be interesting, but also too advanced and not really talking about how to user our tool. @mdgeorge4153, is this a good place for such information?

show exponential runtime behavior. Exponential runtime is usually equated with
intractability ("we have an algorithm, but it's impractical because it runs too
long"). Most of the theories involved are at least NP-complete, already in their
conjunctive fragments (which SMT theory solvers use). Nonlinear integer
arithmetic stands out in that it is undecidable.

## Not all is bad

When seeing the complexity results of the previous section, it is easy to give
up on the problems of SAT and SMT. Indeed, there were long periods in computer
science history when SAT was considered unsolvable. However, it is important to
understand that these complexity results describe the worst case behavior. It
turns out that there is a large class of formulas where SAT is tractable, even
on inputs with millions of variables, and SAT solvers are used with great
success in industries like chip design for decades now.

For the usage of Certora Prover this means that timeouts can happen, but that
often there are slight variations on the input that do not impact the property
being proven and that make the problem tractable. This practice is likely to 
require experience, which we collect in this chapter.

> ## Intuitions on Kinds of Complexity

Reviewer: Capitalisation

> Timeouts in Certora Prover - Theoretical Background

Author: there's an overlap, but not enough to remove stuff, I add a reference reference the wp in the "architecture" paragraph...

there is a SAT solver. The SAT solver operates on a Boolean abstraction of the
input formula, and communicates with theory solvers to refine the abstraction
according to the theories used by the formula. The problem of solving
propositional formulas (aka SAT) is famously NP-complete. In practice this means
that there are classes of propositional formulas for which all known SAT solvers
show exponential runtime behavior. Exponential runtime is usually equated with
intractability ("we have an algorithm, but it's impractical because it runs too
long"). Most of the theories involved are at least NP-complete, already in their
conjunctive fragments (which SMT theory solvers use). Nonlinear integer
arithmetic stands out in that it is undecidable.

## Usefulness of worst-case intractable problems

When seeing the complexity results of the previous section, it is easy to give
up on the problems of SAT and SMT. Indeed, there were long periods in computer
science history when SAT was considered unsolvable. However, it is important to
understand that these complexity results describe the worst case behavior. It
turns out that there is a large class of formulas where SAT is tractable, even

> on inputs with millions of variables, and SAT solvers are used with great

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on inputs with millions of variables, and SAT solvers have been used with great
```

success in industries like chip design for decades now.

For the usage of Certora Prover this means that timeouts can happen, but that
often there are slight variations on the input that do not impact the property
being proven and that make the problem tractable. This practice is likely to 

> require experience, which we collect in this chapter.

Author: good point, referencing the (timeout-prevention) section

## Intuitions on kinds of complexity

In the section on the [theoretical background of verification
timeouts](timeouts-theory.md) we gave a few details on SMT solver architecture.
We can use the parts of the SMT solver for some intuition on different kinds of
complexity explosions.

| Difficulty         | Solver parts  |
|--------------------|---------------|
| Path count         |  SAT          |
| Storage/memory     |  SAT          |
| Arithmetic         |  LIA / NIA    |
% | bitwise operations |  SAT, UF, LIA |

Since control flow is encoded into Boolean logic by the Certora Prover, it

> weighs most heavily on the SAT-solving part of the SMT solver. Storage or Memory

Reviewer 2: I think "for those interested" pages like this benefit from external links so that interested parties can keep reading.

Author: yeah, makes sense .. I can add "further reading" at the end and provide some SMT-related links
